In this module, we'll have a look at components again but now, add dynamic components.
Now what are dynamic components? Dynamic components are essentially components which you create dynamically
at runtime.
So let's say you want to show an alert,
you want to show a modal, some overlay which should only be loaded upon a certain action,
for example you have an error and you want to not show that error box which we're currently showing
in our course project but we want to show an overlay on the entire screen or something like that, that
could be done or could be implemented by using dynamic components. And dynamic components is not a
specific term, not a specific feature provided by Angular but we can simply add components that we load
through our code and that's exactly what we'll do in this module. You will learn how to create such a
component and how to then load it on demand, how to communicate with it and also how to get rid of it.